Remove windows 32 bits from code and ci (#21221)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/dev/deprecated_architectures.md

# Deprecated Architectures

## Windows 32 bits

> There was a product request to release the Agent on Windows 32 bits but it never came to fruition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There was a product request to release the Agent on 32-bit Windows, but it never came to fruition.
```

We hence removed all Windows 32 bits related code in [#21221](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/pull/21221). The PR:

- Removes the `*_386.go` files,
- Removes the windows 32 bits logic in `omnibus/config`,

> - Removes the go install for windows 32 bits in the `devenv/scripts/Install-DevEnv.ps1` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes the Golang install for 32-bit Windows in the `devenv/scripts/Install-DevEnv.ps1` script.
```
